Update ValidityState docs (#26431)
mdn/content: files/en-us/web/api/validitystate/valid/index.md

---
title: "ValidityState: valid property"
short-title: valid
slug: Web/API/ValidityState/valid
page-type: web-api-instance-property
browser-compat: api.ValidityState.valid
---

{{APIRef("HTML DOM")}}

> The read-only **`valid`** property of the [`ValidityState`](/en-US/docs/Web/API/ValidityState) interface indicates if the value of an {{HTMLElement("input")}}, after having been edited by the user, conforms to all the constraints set on the element.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The read-only **`valid`** property of the [`ValidityState`](/en-US/docs/Web/API/ValidityState) interface indicates if the value of an {{HTMLElement("input")}} element meets all its validation constraints, and is therefore considered to be valid.
```

> If true, the element matches the {{cssxref(":valid")}} CSS pseudo-class; the {{cssxref(":invalid")}} CSS pseudo-class otherwise.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If `true`, the element matches the {{cssxref(":valid")}} CSS pseudo-class; otherwise the {{cssxref(":invalid")}} CSS pseudo-class applies.
```
